how's it can enlarge marshal here and
welcome to another purple review now
today we have hero Hulk now if you do
want some coins head over to FIFA ninja
calm music cool em it's 92 get yourself
54 cents off if you think that you will
need is in that description below if you
want any cheap MSP PSN or game codes
head over to g2 it calm once again that
link is in that description below now
you can pick this slide up on the xbox
for 162 300k on the PlayStation 500 and
700 so there is quite a difference
between the two consoles seven goals and
six games isn't the best record in the
world honestly I did expect more from
this card four star skill mu sets a
two-star week foots hi to medium work
rates and his base card starts they look
pretty damn decent 84 PS 87 dribbling 95
shootin 91 physical honestly his team
the season card if he does get one he's
placed he's a shoo-in again want to be
honest we'll be in see an 88 aggression
90 position in 86 acceleration 95
strength 82 sprint speed as well as
eighty eight ball control 85 crossing 85
cube 90 dribble and 92 finishing 89 free
kick accuracy 98 long shots and the PSD
resistance 19 nine shot power this guy
has a ridiculous strike on him
especially with that stronger left boots
and his specialties and traits we have
distance your strength flare and
longshot tick and the first school that
you will see is from a free kick out on
the right hand side and le ngoc the
player outs as it deflects right in that
top corner nice little free kick there
from Hulk so in terms of pros we do have
long shots when you could incite from
that left hand side just strike it just
have a strike with Hulk I know at the
start you will kind of have to tammy's
long shots because there can be a bit
wild from time to time especially with
the shop our but he does kind of holding
with old I don't know what to say on
that because he's got a bloody strike on
him and it's just so damn powerful it's
ridiculous it's one of those rise in
long shots it's one of those deep and
long shots it's any kind of long shot
you can imagine with so much power
behind the strike and you have to kind
of team it just like you do to a while
lying in there well the wire
so anyways cutting inside is what you
want to do with this garden is
definitely a pro on his behalf dribble
and wise fantastic he's ball control is
great he strength is ridiculously good
no wonder is called the hook not only is
kind of a lookalike towards the hook
he's actually as strong as the hook
because he is ridiculously strong on
this game in terms of cons we have the
two star weak foot and that affects how
he plays are wide because with his cross
and on the right boots it's not good
enough it really isn't good enough it
doesn't have too much strength behind
that right boot and honestly it's got no
accuracy whatsoever so what you want to
do every single time you do get the ball
out on the flank is cut inside and cause
devastation and that is what this card
does do because he's a destroyer he is
the hook he's a bloody machine honestly
is crazy good at science and there yeah
I do like that about this card he
couldn't inside destroying team size
what he's good at as it comes very close
what I said that was from David to hear
tipping it onto the crossbar there is
not much else I can see about this car
apart from if you do have the spare
coins before the team of the season I
would recommend you go by and both team
the season is just around the corner and
with it just around the corner and Hulk
definitely a shoo-in a get a team of the
season I'd avoid buying them for now
because I've probably just lost 700k on
this card or don't think he sells
already so I wouldn't want you to kind
of lose that much coins anyways so
overall is a great player and there yeah
it's going to get a good written because
he is a great player he's gonna get a
written of 9.0 but a value for coins of
6.2 simply because team the season is
right around the corner guys I hope you
have enjoyed this review I've got two
reviews coming out for you tomorrow
morning well today it's bloody morning
where I am at the minute but say yeah
hope you have enjoyed if you have smash
that thumbs up subscribe if you're new
and I will catch you all next time